chore(gui-test): add ruff linter (#973)
opencloud-eu/desktop: test/gui/README.md

RECORD_VIDEO_ON_FAILURE=true \
uv run behave features/add-account/account.feature
```

> ### Code Formatting and Linting

Reviewer: I would put under this heading, and we can add more docs on writing gui test later on.
```suggestion
# Writing GUI Test

## Code Formatting and Linting
```

Reviewer: Also, add the headings to the TOC above.

Reviewer: this is not implemented as suggested

Reviewer: @Asmitapaudel ^

> The GUI tests use **Ruff** for code formatting and linting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GUI tests use [Ruff](link-to-ruff-docs) for code formatting and linting.
```

1. Check Formatting and Linting

```bash

> # Check formatting and linting
> make python-lint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
make python-lint
```

```

2. Apply Formatting and Fix Supported Issues

```bash

> # Apply formatting and automatically fix supported lint issues
> make python-lint-fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
make python-lint-fix
```

```

> [!NOTE]

> > To check for violations of a specific Ruff rule without running all enabled rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Run the following command to check specific rule violation:
```

>
> ```bash
> uv run ruff check --select <RULE>

> > ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ```
> [See available rules](link-to-available-rules)
```
